Subtitles by DramaFever
[Andante]
[Episode 6: 30,912 Hours, 14 Years, 10 Months, 10 Days]
I got it already.
I'm at the hospice.
I'll bring her home.
Okay, I'll take care of the apology.
Enough already.
I even gave her the letter,
and she's still not home.
Ring? I told you I haven't seen it.
I never paid attention to any ring,
so I wouldn't know.
When did it go missing?
Uh, by the way...
can you do me a favor?
Can you read this for me?
I'm in no mood to read anything.
My head hurts.
You sure are stingy.
What did you say?
Am I your personal secretary?
Why are you asking me
to read that to you?
Don't you know how to read?
I'm illiterate. Are you happy now?
This is why I don't like you, Grandma!
Why are you spreading my letter
around all over the place?
That rude girl...
That rude girl from the fast food place.
Be quiet!
Who are you calling rude?
The way I see it,
you're the rude person here.
Why, you old grandma!
So, you're sure she gave it to you?
Yes.
I really had no intention
of accepting it though.
Even if she gave it to you,
things could get complicated.
I don't know how it would work legally.
Wouldn't it be better
to discuss it with adults?
Which adult?
My mom has so much
to worry about already.
My mom? My grandma?
We can't just ignore the issue.
If you say you lost it...
that daughter-in-law is no joke,
and she won't let it go.
Also, I heard Grandma Ring is in
very bad condition right now.
I don't know. I don't know.
What are you two talking about?
Lee Shi Young, what are you doing here?
I asked what you're talking about.
Did you lose something expensive?
What did you just say?
Did I say something wrong?
What have you done right
that allows you to look at me like that?
I've come across all kinds
of people here.
Though, I've never seen anyone like you.
Me?
Why, you old grandma...
Bong Sook is my friend,
and I've grown fond of her.
She's not a stranger to me,
so I have to say my piece.
Say your piece?
How hilarious.
Who are you, Grandma?
Let's not drag this out.
You're very transparent, you wench.
"You... you... you wench"?
Grandma!
She doesn't have much time left to live.
People should have some morals,
at the very least.
What did I do wrong? What did I do?
People should do as much as I do.
She could be gone the day after tomorrow.
Is that mere ring so important?
She paid for your education,
paid for your house, and supported you.
What more do you want?
Stay put if you don't know anything.
Do you know how much that ring is worth?
No matter how much it's worth,
is it more important than a life?
I wouldn't even leave you a copper ring!
What is with you, you old grandma?
Who do you think you are?
Are you her guardian?
Are you a doctor?
Friend? Friend, yeah right.
My mother-in-law never made
an illiterate friend like you.
You old grandma!
Don't get any closer to my grandma.
What is this now?
Ah, that rude girl.
The grandma and granddaughter
are quite a set.
You're a set!
What is going on here?
Why are you acting like this?
You seem to do well and then blow up
once or twice a year.
Me? What are you talking about?
- This is the first time.
- Huh?
You always say it's the first time.
Why are you so stubborn about fighting?
I would look the other way,
but she was too much.
She doesn't have an ounce of affection
for her mother-in-law.
She's always going on about that ring.
You did well.
Shi Kyung and Shi Young,
you're going home, right?
Let's go. I'll drive you home.
- No.
- What?
Everyone go outside and wait.
Shi Young, you stay and talk to me.
Is that "copo" thing so important?
"Cos-Play."
And yes, it's important to me.
I wouldn't have thrown it out
if you had told me.
That's not everything.
What else?
Why didn't you tell me
that you didn't know how to read Korean?
Why would you ask that kind of lady,
of all people, to read my letter?
What's wrong with that?
I can't even read,
and you want me to be picky?
You got into a fight,
and it was embarrassing.
Embarrassing?
Why? Because your grandma can't read?
Because your grandma threw out
that "copo" thing?
Because I fought that rude woman
and cursed at her?
That kind of thing is not what
is truly embarrassing.
I may be ignorant.
But, I'm not someone you ought
to be embarrassed of.
I have a good idea.
You and I are in the same position,
so how about this?
What do you mean?
I'll teach you how
to read Korean, Grandma.
- What?
- In return...
you can enter the talent show with me.
What are you talking about?
Here.
We're supposed to call
when Shi Young is out.
My father will come with his car.
Father?
Father...
- What about it?
- It's just amazing.
I've never called someone father before.
When I was very young, my dad...
he went missing when I was still
calling him "Dad, Dad."
You're lucky.
Why?
You don't have to
take bones out of your fish.
- You're lucky.
- Why?
You have lots of women in your home.
I told you to adopt Shi Young.
Oh no. We're splitting her.
What is Shi Young talking about
with your grandma?
I don't know. They're the same.
Their personalities and stubbornness.
Even the way they're both
good with their hands.
I guess you're right.
Why are there so many stars?
They all look the same too.
What does it look like?
A teardrop diamond.
The moment I saw the stars
spilling out of the sky...
I was asking my dad.
Dad, what should I do
at a time like this?
What is it?
What do you want to do out here alone?
How can you joke around right now?
You couldn't find the ring, right?
No.
What are you going to do?
It's all my fault.
You're right. It is all your fault.
You pay for it.
I'm just joking.
I'm thinking about how to deal with it,
so you don't need to worry.
Do you have an idea?
Not yet.
December, 1876.
It was a musical concert
in honor of Tolstoy.
There is a famous anecdote that
he... he cried after hearing this music?
No! I shouldn't say that part first.
I can't get confused like this.
I'm going crazy!
It's so hot.
Oh my goodness!
Hurry up, and close the window.
What do I do?
How are you?
I was doing all right just a moment ago,
but now I'm not so sure.
What?
Here you go.
Thank you.
What are you doing?
You're going to practice anyway.
It's better to do it
in front of an audience.
When I took over
the death experience classes
I was so nervous
and felt such a burden.
I called all my old classmates
and bought them lots of drinks.
I got them drunk.
They were all drunk
and lying on the ground.
It was much better after I practiced
in front of them.
Just relax when you do it.
No one will notice if you get it wrong.
Also, the worst that could happen
is that you don't get the job.
All right. Try it.
Relax, and try it with me.
Okay.
Suppose that the ring
is worth 2 billion won.
What is the minimum wage?
Suppose it's 6,500 won.
Divide 2 billion won by 6,500 won.
How many zeroes is 2 billion won?
The song that brought tears
to Tolstoy's eyes
came from the melody
of a folk song from rural Ukraine.
Tchaikovsky happened to hear this
melody while passing through Kamionka.
Something about this simple and modest
melody pulled at the hearts of people.
There must've been something about it...
Ah. Uh... well...
Uh, well...
What was it about this melody
that brought tears to Tolstoy's eyes?
Aren't you curious?
That is the healing power of music...
30,912 hours, 14 years,
10 months, and 10 days!
That's crazy!
Lee Shi Kyung.
What?
I've never had this happen before.
The student dean, vice-principal, and
the homeroom teacher want to see you.
Why? Is it because I yelled?
I wouldn't know. I'm just the messenger.
But, 30,912 hours?
What is that?
Hello? Yeah, Mom.
What's going on?
What did you do during
your aunt's class to maker her cry?
Don't miss the talent show practice.
I did cause some trouble.
There's no need for her to cry.
Didn't you know what that class
meant to your aunt?
Come home right after school.
In times like this,
running away is the best.
I forgot to tell Bom that I was leaving.
I caught you. I caught you.
There doesn't seem to be much
that you can do.
You can't return the ring
or buy a new one.
I can't do much.
Shouldn't you search for the best way
to resolve this?
I know that.
Vice-Principal, what is that best way?
Take this, and go see the ring lady.
I heard you haven't seen her
since you lost the ring.
I went to see her,
but her daughter-in-law was there.
Or, she was unconscious.
Try going there today.
This is the same ring that I lost.
You want me to make you a ring
just like this?
How fast can you do it?
How much and how fast?
This ring is a basic design,
so I have the setting already.
Would you like to see it?
Yes, please show me.
Please hold on a moment.
This is it, isn't it?
Hello?
I'd like to take that job
we spoke about before.
Kim...
Kim Min Ji.
Yes. Yes, I'll be right there.
But, can you pay in advance?
It's urgent.
Yes.
You know we have talent show
practice today, right?
Are you feeling better?
Sorry, Jung Won.
I really tried to do well this time.
You don't know yet.
You said you finished the class.
I know I did,
but I was tripping over my words.
Shi Kyung and Shi Young
will be embarrassed by me.
They don't know those things.
Just wait and see.
Gosh, Lee Shi Kyung.
Seriously, what happened to me?
I'm scared of the world
and scared of people too.
If things are that bad,
you should go see a professional.
A professional? Who?
That Siberian husky-like piece of crap!
Tell him to go take a hike!
What is that?
You want me to do this?
I'm not such a crass person.
It's just a song.
We're not going to do it like that.
First, ride the rhythm.
Hey, ho. Whoa.
Try it, Grandma.
That's not it.
You need to ride the rhythm.
Use your arms, and move your hips.
Like this... like this.
Are those hips the same as these hips?
Wait until you turn 70.
Your hips won't feel the same.
- You keep at it.
- Wait, Grandma.
I said I'd teach you how to read Korean.
Forget it. I've been fine not
knowing how to read and write.
You said you're illiterate.
Don't you have any pride?
You're illiterate.
You should do it with a friend.
Why are you bothering me?
I heard you're super popular
at the hospice.
I thought people would like it.
I am very popular.
This is my aunt's phone.
Even when I'm at school,
look at this and practice with my aunt.
She's crazy. She must be crazy!
What? Do as Shi Young says.
You might as well get over
being scared of people.
Jung Won, it would depend on the person.
Where are you, Jung Soo?
Did Jung Soo leave?
Hey, crazy punk!
You're here again?
Hey, did you see anything here?
I did.
What? What did you see?
You.
I saw a crazy punk twice.
Grandma Ring is awake now.
Dad, what do I do?
Oh, Lee Shi Kyung.
Ah, that grandma was looking for you.
Me?
- Why?
- I don't know.
She hadn't been conscious for days.
She asked for you and Grandma Duk Boon.
Go on in.
What about her daughter-in-law?
Ah, she's alone. Go on in.
I heard you asked for me.
Why was that?
Was it possibly... to get your ring back?
Oh no.
Just because.
I wanted to see you.
What?
I realized I was breathing again.
And I wanted to see someone.
Thank you for coming to see me.
What are you doing?
Sit properly. You'll tire yourself.
I'm sorry.
About the ring you gave me...
I tried to give it back to you.
I lost it by the river.
I calculated it.
I can buy it if I work 8 hours
for 14 years and 10 months.
I have no other way to return it to you.
Oh my, to get that back...
I'd have to live a long time.
Sorry, that ring was everything you own.
I'm sorry.
That ring...
Where did you find the ring?
It wasn't there when we looked for it.
It was stuck in the dirt.
I cleaned the dirt off.
Wow, just thinking about this ring...
But, this ring is a fake.
How do you know?
How else would I know?
Grandma Ring told me.
So, that ring is really a fake?
Yes, it's really a fake.
When did you go to look for it?
Earlier tonight.
Tonight? What time?
I don't know, around 8:00 p.m.
It was just past 8:00 p.m.
[Grandmother has regained consciousness.]
That's odd.
I was there at that time.
Why?
By any chance...
did you see a crazy guy?
What do you mean?
Just some nonsense.
What is this strange feeling I'm getting?
Did you practice for the talent show?
Yes.
The class president says to call if
you're going be absent all the time.
- You're going to do it, right?
- Yes.
What a relief.
You found the ring,
so why do you look like that?
I thought about it.
That daughter-in-law lady
and I are not so different.
- What?
- We didn't think of Grandma.
That lady only wanted the ring.
I didn't worry about Grandma Ring.
I only worried about losing the ring.
We're the same.
When she said she wanted to see me,
I felt so sorry to her.
Honestly, I only worried about the ring.
I didn't think much about her.
That's because...
Also, I feel like I'm wronging Bom too.
Why did Bom go and find this ring?
What do you mean by that?
No, it's nothing.
You found the ring now,
so focus on the talent show.
The mood's been so down
because you've been all depressed.
Yeah.
I'll go give this ring back to her.
Good, good, good.
What is that?
It's too dark.
Do I look okay?
Hey oh.
My hips, your hips. Oh dear.
Oh my, oh my. I feel great.
We did it.
- One, two, three. Let's do it!
[DF Ver] E06 Andante
"30,912 Hours, 14 Years, 10 Months, 10 Days"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Are you okay?
I haven't seen your
daughter-in-law around.
She has no reason to come anymore.
She'll come when I'm dead.
Oh, what a nasty girl.
I got into a fight with her.
Did you hear?
Thank you.
Don't blame my daughter-in-law.
It's because of the way I lived my life.
Where could that ring have gone?
I wonder that myself.
I envy you. You get to dance.
Do you think I'm dancing
because I want to?
My granddaughter begged me to do it.
I should have lived like you.
The grass is always greener
on the other side.
There's nothing to envy about me.
Grandma.
Shi Young is looking for you.
She's going to throw a fit again.
I'm going to go now, okay?
You know you have to vote for me.
That way I win the prize.
You'll come to see me later?
Of course, and I'll vote for you
and not your grandma.
Oh, what a betrayal.
- Here.
- Why this again?
I don't want it.
This ring is just like me.
A fake, pretending to be real.
Put it in my coffin with me.
Make sure no one knows.
There will be a big fuss
to look for this once I die.
I don't want to see that happen
even after death.
Here.
Shi Kyung.
Don't get caught up in fake things.
Okay.
I'm saying such useless things
to a boy who's going to dance.
You have a good memory.
[Grandma Does Not Know]
Grandma?
Why are you calling me?
Did you see my clothes in the closet?
- I saw them.
- What did you do with them?
I threw them out.
Are you crazy?
Are you ready?
Say, yo.
Woohoo.
What would you call it in Granny's words?
How could I be controlled by
my granddaughter at the age of 70?
Look at this room. Look at your clothes.
If you put a flower in your hair,
you're a crazy woman.
I sprayed perfume in your room.
You're so old fashioned and
complain of a headache.
You mistakenly think
cosplay clothes are rags.
My grandma doesn't know fashion at all.
- You don't even sleep at night.
- What?
- You don't even study.
- Oh no.
You complain about my snoring,
so I can't even snore.
How could I be controlled by
my granddaughter at the age of 70?
- I am 17.
- Whatever.
My grandma is too much.
She only knows how to snore.
She doesn't know anything.
Grandma does not know.
- She doesn't know age 17.
- Why wouldn't I know?
She does not know a thing.
Fine, I don't know. The kid is pooping.
- Grandma does not know.
- What don't I know?
- She doesn't know age 17.
- Why wouldn't I know?
She does not know a thing.
Fine, do as you please.
Grandma does not know.
My Shi Yoon always used to do that dance.
Shi Kyung is the best.
That was the day I first realized
how much fun it is being with people.
Oh, that's cool.
That's the prize
from the talent show, isn't it?
It's yours.
Get on.
You just want me to accept it?
You could do that dance
before accepting it.
I don't think so.
I feel like I should
do something for you.
Of course, you should. Take me home.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
What now?
I told you to lower your voice.
I thought about it for days,
and I don't understand.
What?
Why would a rude kid like you
hang around my mother-in-law?
There's some reason
you're trying to look good.
How do you know so much?
That's right.
I want something from her,
and that's why I'm friendly with her.
Finally, you're admitting it.
You hid the ring, didn't you?
What do you mean I hid it?
It's right here.
Why, you... give it.
What do you think you're doing?
She gave it to me.
Wh... what?
What did you just say?
She gave this ring to me. It's mine now.
You're crazy. You must be crazy.
Give it to me now!
Should I tell you something
even more shocking?
This ring that you're so hung up on...
is a fake.
Nice show you're putting on.
I'll know very quickly
once I get it appraised.
How dare you lie.
Do you know why she said
this fake ring was real?
You wouldn't come visit
if she didn't have the ring.
You would have ignored her if the ring
didn't exist. Isn't that true?
Your mother-in-law told me
that she longs for people.
When she realizes she's breathing,
she longs for people first.
Have you ever thought
about how she must feel?
What are you saying?
She told me this ring is fake.
She also told me not
to tell anyone that I have it.
I couldn't keep that promise though.
You can call the police
or do whatever you please.
But, I can't give you this ring.
To me, this ring...
symbolizes Grandma's feelings.
Hey! Come back here!
So, this was what that crazy punk
was looking for.
Wow.
Why isn't she picking up?
Min Ji, I'm going to call
you soon, so pick up.
Grandma Oh Bong Sook is on her deathbed.
She's looking for you.
What took you so long?
What about Grandma Oh Bong Sook?
I was only a little bit late.
You should have come earlier.
She called out your name
twice on her deathbed.
I can no longer see Grandma Bong Sook.
This is that kind of place.
"Keep your promise."
That was the last thing she said.
Promise?
Put it in my coffin with me.
Make sure no one knows.
Oh, right. The ring.
Where are you going?
The mortuary.
She's not in there.
Her family called an ambulance
and left for Seoul.
Seoul?
Why Seoul?
They're going to have
her funeral in Seoul.
In the end...
I could not keep my promise to her.
Grandma Bong Sook, I'm sorry.
What are you going to do with that ring?
I don't know.
What would the best thing to do?
I can't get it into her coffin anyway.
Should I say I lost it and throw it out?
No!
Don't throw it out.
It was really hard for me to find.
So, don't ever throw it out.
Okay.
Wow, amazing.
Hey.
Hold on.
Isn't Shi Kyung's birthday
coming up sometime soon?
What's the date today, Mother?
Shi Kyung's birthday is this weekend.
Already?
She says it's this weekend, Mother.
Right? My memory is correct.
I better soak the rice
before it's too late.
What will you do with soaked rice?
I have to make rice cake,
Shi Kyung's birthday rice cake.
Birthday rice cake?
Grandma, Grandma!
Then, can I invite friends over
for my birthday?
Why bother asking something so obvious?
Invite all the kids you performed
that dance with.
Your grandma will feed them so full
that their bellies burst.
Awesome. What a prize, Lee Shi Kyung.
Mother, why cause a fuss like that?
You can buy them fast food and feed them.
Both his mother and grandma
are alive and well.
You shouldn't buy them food.
When it was Shi Yoon's birthday
there was barely any room
for all his friends in this house.
Mom, don't worry.
I don't have many friends.
Since things worked out this way,
make sure to bring Bom.
How does Mom know about Bom?
Yesterday, the owner of the chicken place
came to the hospice.
He made a big sale thanks to you and Bom.
He gave a deep bow
to your mom and your grandma.
There's no need for that.
Ah, is there anything
you want for your birthday?
That.
This?
Hey, I can't give you this.
I was just saying it.
Hey, you know that bike?
It's the same model as the one
Lee Shi Young won from the talent show.
Huh? Yes.
Park Ga Ram, do you know what
she did with that bike?
I wanted to ride it, and
she just sold it off somewhere.
Shi Young said she sold it?
It's obvious even if she doesn't say so.
She sold it to buy those trash clothes.
You said you want to divide
Lee Shi Young.
If you're going to take her,
take her away quickly.
You're all going to Shi Kyung's
birthday party, right?
Yes, what are you going
to buy him for his birthday?
The hardest thing is picking a gift.
I was wondering that too.
Why don't we pool our money
and buy him something?
- Let's do that.
- Sounds great.
Bom... let's get her to join too.
Hey, is Bom the same as us?
She's Shi Kyung's girlfriend,
so she must have a special gift for him.
A kiss?
You... come see me.
Lee Shi Kyung, am I
really your girlfriend?
Why are you asking something
you already know?
Then, why didn't you invite me
to your birthday party?
Oh, that's all it is.
Is that why you're upset?
"That's all it is"?
Hey, a girlfriend wasn't invited
to her boyfriend's birthday party.
If this wouldn't upset me,
then what would?
- At times like this...
- Huh?
Bom seems like the women in my house.
Why aren't you saying anything?
I'm sorry.
I was going to tell you,
but I was strangely embarrassed.
Embarrassed? Why?
My mom told me to bring you.
It seems like a formal greeting
if my girlfriend is going to meet my mom.
A formal greeting?
- Are you planning to marry me?
- What?
A formal greeting comes before marriage.
So, you've even
thought about marrying me.
Is that what it means?
Ah, why am I always inflicting
useless inner conflict onto myself?
Get up.
Don't kneel in front
of anyone other than me.
Okay.
What do you want for your birthday?
I haven't thought about it.
Think about it, and let me know.
I'll do that.
Oh yeah. Here.
Why are you giving this to me?
Bom, you found it, so it seems right
for you to keep it.
You didn't tell Shi Kyung
that you gave me this bike.
Why didn't you tell him?
Just because.
Shi Kyung and I aren't the type
to tell each other every little detail.
I thought you had some other reason,
so I didn't say anything.
I've become a liar.
Oh, it's fine.
Compared to Lee Shi Kyung,
this kind of lie is nothing.
You don't need to feel guilty at all.
I don't feel guilty.
I just feel a little bad.
Oh, you goody two-shoes.
You've never lied to your parents
and rebelled, have you?
Is that how I seem?
I have lots of secrets too.
Oh, that feels good.
Your hands feel great.
You should try not to talk
and just close your eyes.
Once you get some sleep,
your body will feel much lighter.
I think I'll do that.
What am I thinking?
I'm not done yet.
It's fine. Can you please leave?
All right, then. I will go.
- Yes, my daughter.
- Mom!
Mom, what's with the towel on your head?
Are you at a sauna?
No, I'm at a massage clinic.
I'm getting a massage.
Mom, I really miss you.
Me too.
I miss you so much too.
- A child in high school?
- Yes.
All a nurse needs to do
is be good at being a nurse.
Why does she care if her child
is in junior high or high school?
The patient, Song Kyung Ae's daughter is
a junior at an international high school.
She has a lot she needs
to organize for her.
Because she's sick,
she needs someone to help her.
She could die today or tomorrow.
She really is acting over the top.
Her daughter's attending an international
high school because of her mother.
Do you know anyone?
Someone with a child in high school?
Also, someone who could be a nurse
to Song Kyung Ae.
Well, there are plenty of nurses.
What should I ask Bom
to give me for my birthday?
What is it that you want?
Smart phone!
Money?
Not stuff you want from your mom.
What do you want from Bom?
I don't know, and that's why
I'm asking you.
How would I know if you don't, you dummy?
Honestly, I know.
I know what I want
for my birthday from Bom.
What are you doing right now?
Gosh, were you kissing in your dreams?
With whom? Bom?
Get out. You better get out.
Mom! Shi Kyung and Bom were...
Mom! Shi Kyung and Bom were kiss...
What did you say?
What did Shi Kyung do?
- It's nothing.
- Mom!
- We're just playing around.
- Lee Shi Kyung.
No, no. We're just kidding around.
Hey. You better be quiet.
Really?
Yeah.
Yes
If the student she taught last year got
into a top college, then it sounds good.
Can you give me that teacher's number?
Thank you, Yae In's mom.
Okay.
Here is the nurse
you requested last time.
Hello.
She hasn't received her
nursing certification yet.
She is currently taking classes
for medical treatment and care.
- We are associated with that school--
- What about your kids?
I have a son and daughter
who are juniors in high school.
If they are juniors in high school,
we'll be able to converse easily.
- Name?
- Oh Jung Won.
I don't mean your name.
Your children's names.
My son's name is Shi Kyung.
You can call me Shi Kyung's mom.
I look forward to our time together,
Shi Kyung's mom.
Yes.
The word baroque means imperfect pearl.
Why did the classics use this expression?
Oh well, it was because
of the traits of baroque music.
One of the traits
of baroque was monody...
Gosh! It's so noisy that I can't sleep!
Excuse me, you there.
What?
The consultation office.
Go to the consultation
office after class.
You called me here. Say something.
Hey, now. I was about to.
Yong Gi, you...
Do you want to come to our house?
What?
Huh? Well, not my house.
Shi Kyung's house.
Come over for Shi Kyung's birthday.
How was your first class today?
It was good.
The kids followed along well
and took notes too.
They answered questions
when I asked them.
Really? Wow!
What a betrayal.
They discriminate like this.
They were really terrible
during my first class.
Half were sleeping, and half
were doing something else.
I started to wonder why
I became a teacher at all.
- To tell you the truth...
- Ms. Oh.
- How was your class today?
- Excuse me?
Did anyone ruin your class today
like Lee Shi Kyung did last time?
No, that didn't happen.
Apparently, her class went great.
Really?
That's unlike that class.
Right?
Ms. Oh.
Unless you want to get pushed around,
you have to do well from the beginning.
The relationship between teacher
and student is like a married couple.
You have to take control
right from the very start!
Do you understand?
Yes.
This is a list of the things
my Soo Bin needs for her personnel file.
These are the things she needs
for her personal history.
This is a report
of her reading activities.
This is a report of the subjects
she has learned and her progress.
Also, a report of her creative arts.
What is that?
Her participation in the creative arts.
Don't you know about clubs or charities?
Ah...
You can earn two points during evaluation
for admissions, so it's important.
It's so much and so complicated.
You take care of all of this?
I can't leave this to a child
who's already working hard studying.
It's so hard to rank second
at an international high school.
She sleeps three to four hours
a day and studies.
I feel so bad for her.
You feel that way too, right?
Yes, I suppose I do.
I feel like I'm in a cafe
talking here with you.
A cafe?
You know after you send the kids off
to the tutoring academies...
Moms gather to talk
and share information.
Yes.
Thinking about those times
is making me crave coffee.
Shi Kyung's mom, I'd like
to have some good drip coffee.
Look at that.
Shi Kyung, run an errand for me.
Mother, your son is working on the
upcoming performance assessments.
It's so funny.
Lee Shi Young.
- Mom.
- What are you doing here?
- What are these clothes?
- These?
The uniform for here.
But, why are you wearing the uniform?
Are you working here?
Yes, yes.
For how long?
Not even a month.
You should have told me
if you were going to do this.
How could you do this without telling me?
I was only going to do it for a month.
Only for a month, right?
Yes.
Why are you here and not at the hospice?
Oh...
I wanted some coffee, so I bought some.
Lady Oh, how cool of you.
Shi Kyung said he's studying for the
performance assessment with friends.
Don't you need to?
What do you mean?
Lee Shi Kyung is watching
a movie with his girlfriend.
Seriously, that kid.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Andante]